Add MASH referral form ingestion repo to related repos (#27)
LBHackney-IT/social-care-architecture: README.md

| Name | Purpose |
|-|-|

> | [MASH Social Care Referral Form Ingestion Script](https://github.com/LBHackney-IT/social-care-referral-form-ingestion) | Apps Script code that retrieves MASH form data submitted to Google Sheets, processes it and sends the data into Social Care System |

Reviewer: Looks good, although it might be better to have this further down the table. It's a small thing but I always expect to see the _most important_ repos first, and while this is incredibly important, it might be less so than the main UI and API 😅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [MASH Social Care Referral Form Ingestion Script](https://github.com/LBHackney-IT/social-care-referral-form-ingestion) | Apps Script code that retrieves MASH form data submitted to Google Sheets, processes it and sends the data into the Social Care Case Viewer API  |
```

Improvement to use consistent naming too
